so now i'm going to try to show you
some of the details
in the last video that I recorded the
demo which was done in pretty poor
lighting so let's see what we can do
here this is the there we go this is the
spruce top and you can see the cocobolo
bridge and saddle it has an adjuster arm
that is based on something called the a
ketone bridge design which was made by
Jimmy de Cristo if you look carefully
you can see natural maple binding that
separates the the top and the back from
the Guatemalan rosewood sides here is
also obviously ball knob viously but
guatemalan rosewood back this is a
little better look at screen there you
go another view trying not to hit the
mic stand here another view of the side
with the very pretty binding and back on
the front this is the the inlay you can
see that crisper soggy also puts this
maple binding on the neck which is very
very cool see there is a better view
that's not plastic that's wood and
there's a head stock which is cocobolo a
better look at the tuning buttons which
are these kind of cool ivoroid ones that
are made to fit spurts all tuners and
there they are trying to get the glare
out of the camera there there it's a
little better if you can kind of see
it's kind of hard to see but there's a
little right there is where the truss
rod is adjusted there's no cap or you
know cover or anything it's just right
there to be accessed which is very cool
and there's also a little bit of weight
relief of course in this design is
I have to show the tailpiece so I get up
close here this is a three-layer
tailpiece made of wood you kind of see
it there would brass and wood three
layers the brass helps to ground the
strings and also serves as a really nice
solid fixture for them to be anchored on
there's the end pin whoops don't know
which way I'm pointing the end pin jack
so anyway here's the way the pickup is
attached to the neck with screws and
there's a bracket that kind of holds it
very securely does not touch the top
even though it looks like it's very
close and it actually is very close no
contact
is backing away a little bit here so you
can see the full effect of the
instrument there it is and a rear view
so there it is
you